== What should my goals be? ==

You are an individual.

You could be a 64 year old blueberry farming grandmother from Canada.

You could be a 21 year old law student from China.

You could be facing school exams, religious persecution, jail time, or the loss of a loved one.

I respect your individuality.

The reason you're here and the reason the Garden is here is for self-education.



The Garden is for powering your self-education.

It has always been about this.

Plenty of material will be added in the future.

But, right now, at the beginning of things, it's about Quality and Priority.

I will explain how the Garden provides this.



The three biggest enemies at a "meta-" level for all of us (including the grandmother and the law student) are these:

	Ignorance + Incompetence + Indifference

What's that? Not climate change or cybersecurity?

That's right. Not those. Let me communicate by an analogy:

If you're sitting in a room of your house next to a bucket, and there's a fire in the other room, what happens?

Nothing necessarily. The first step is being aware of the fire. Otherwise, you're *ignorant*.

The next step is having that bucket be full of water and you being able to lift it. Otherwise, you're *incompetent*.

And the last step is caring enough to put out the flames. Otherwise, you're *indifferent*.

You see now what I mean by problems at a "meta-" level?

The way you address these enemies is:

	Knowledge, which overcomes Ignorance

	Power, which overcomes Incompetence

	Will, which overcomes Indifference

(You could argue it's the proper form of Love or Good Character or someone's Heart, which overcomes indifference. I accept all of these.)




Now you understand that, here's the connection to the Garden.

The Garden provides maps of general knowledge and general skills (which are the key to power).

Every single selected fact and skill has had to fight for its life to be included.

Hundreds of hours spent researching, asking experts, and vigorously debating.

This is significant. You get all of the concentrated quality.

By investing in your general knowledge and general skill set, you'll stay balanced and adaptable.

Which is an ideal way to be for handling the specifics of your life.

The one who can endure change.



But, how will you invest exactly?

This is where the [Priorities] and [Routines] come to the fore.

It's not about making it easy.

It's about arming you for the biggest battle of your life.

Giving you command over your day and the assurance that you know exactly what to do with the time you have.